add syscall documentation (#867)
accuknox/KubeArmor: getting-started/host_security_policy_specification.md

  action: [Audit|Block] (Block by default)
```

> **Please note that for system calls monitoring we only support audit action no matter what the value of action is**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note** system calls monitoring only supports audit action no matter what the value of action is
```

Reviewer 2: I see this is fixed. marking it resolved

> **Please Not that for system calls monitoring, we only support audit action not matter what the value of action is**

Reviewer 3: **Please note that for system calls monitoring we only support audit action no matter what the value of action is**

Reviewer: Let's use the Github Formatted Notes here

> **Note** Your note

You can see how it's formatted specially here.
Can leverage with
```
> **Note** Your note
```
